K8SPSMDB-226 Helm chart for PSMDB operator (#27)
percona/percona-helm-charts: charts/psmdb-operator/README.md

# psmdb-operator: A chart for installing the Percona Kubernetes operator for MongoDB

> This is an implementation of PSMDB operator Deployment and other stuff could be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart implements PSMDB operator deployment. The Operator itself can be found here:
```

Author: done

* <https://github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator>

> ## Pre Requisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pre-requisites
```

Author: done

* Kubernetes 1.11+

> * PV support on underlying infrastructure (only if you are provisioning persistent volume).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PV support on the underlying infrastructure - only if you are provisioning persistent volume(s).
```

Author: done

* Requires at least `v2.4.0` version of helm to support

> ## Deloyment Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deployment Details
```

Author: done

* <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/>

## Chart Details

> This chart will do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart will
```

Author: done

> * Deploy PSMDB operator pod for the further MongoDB creation inside K8S

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploy a PSMDB Operator Pod for the further MongoDB creation in K8S.
```

Author: done

### Installing the Chart

> To install the chart with the release name `psmdb` using a dedicated namespace(recommended):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the chart with the `psmdb` release name using a dedicated namespace (recommended):
```

Author: done

```sh
helm repo add percona https://percona-lab.github.io/percona-helm-charts/
helm install percona/psmdb-operator --version 0.1.9 --namespace my-namespace
```

The chart can be customized using the following configurable parameters:

| Parameter                       | Description                                                                   | Default                                   |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------------------------------------------|

> | `image.repository`              | PSMDB operator container image name                                           | `percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `image.repository`              | PSMDB Operator container image name                                           | `percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator` |
```

Author: done

| `image.tag`                     | PSMDB operator container image tag                                            | `1.4.0`                                   |
| `image.pullPolicy`              | PSMDB operator container pull policy                                          | `Always`                                  |

> | `image.pullSecrets`             | PSMDB operator pod pull secret                                                | `[]`                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `image.pullSecrets`             | PSMDB Operator Pod pull secret                                                | `[]`                                      |
```

Author: done

> | `replicaCount`                  | PSMDB operator pod quantity                                                   | `1`                                       |

Reviewer: It's better to start "Pod" and "Operator" words with a capital letter (like official K8S docs are doing)

Author: done

| `tolerations`                   | List of node taints to tolerate                                               | `[]`                                      |
| `resources`                     | Resource requests and limits                                                  | `{}`                                      |
| `nodeSelector`                  | Labels for Pod assignment                                                     | `{}`                                      |

> | `watchNamespace`                | Set when a different from default namespace is needed to watch                | `""`                                      |

Reviewer: Is this option officially supported?

> | `nameOverride`                  | Set if the chart name is not desired to be the operators name                 | `""`                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It looks like this option is not officially supported

Author: done

> | `fullnameOverride`              | Set if DO NOT want to see chart name in the operators' name                   | `""`                                      |

Reviewer: It's  better to rephrase this line somehow to make it more clear

Author: done

> | `fullnameOverride`              | By default operator name will contain chart name concatenated with operator name.<br>Set this variable if you want to set the whole bunch of names  | `""`                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It looks like this option is not officially supported

Author: done

> | `createCRD`                     | Set to false if you don't want the helm chart to automatically create the CRD | `true`                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It looks like this option is not officially supported

Author: done

> | `env.resyncPeriod`              | Period for syncing operator with DB                                           | `5s`                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: done

> | `env.logVerbose`                | Enable/Disable operator verbose logging                                       | `false`                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: done
